Q: When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

Part of a team that works collaboratively.
Making your work public to enable feedback from the global community.

Q: Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Pull changes manually to avoid over-writing your local changes.


Q: Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

Fork - a copy of a repository on GitHub made in GitHub. Does not involve a local respository. Good for making your own changes from an existing repository created by someone else.

Clone - a copy of a GitHub repository copied to your local machine. Essential when writing code or any document that requires an application or IDE to edit and maintain the doc/code e.g. word documents require MS Word, Oracle code is best developed and maintained using Toad or similar tool.

Branch - Label a commit with any subsequent commit affecting the branch but not the master branch. Good for experimental work, or bug fixing or coding new features - all of which should be kept away from the main production code on Master branch until it is adequately tested and ready for merging ot the master branch.

Q: What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

Allows you to compare last known state of the remote you used to make your new developments against (i.e. bug fixes, new features, experimental), and enables you to make comparisons of that with the current state of the remote on GitHub. Perhaps your bug fixing is not required anymore? Perhaps the new feature you're working on is not as complex anymore? 

Whatever the state, it helps you keep your code base consistent until you complete your code, or enables you to keep updating from GitHub and seeing what has changed without affecting your code.




Q: How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Fill in your answer here

Q: When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
    
